Adds documentation and news post for secure container-to-container... (#2084)
18F/cg-site: _docs/management/container-to-container.md

---
parent: management
layout: docs
sidenav: true
redirect_from: 
    - /docs/apps/container-to-container/
title: Container-to-Container Networking
---

App developers can leverage cloud.gov's [container-to-container networking](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/concepts/understand-cf-networking.html) feature to allow direct communication between their applications. This utilizes Cloud Foundry's [overlay network](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/concepts/understand-cf-networking.html#overlay-network), which is not externally routable. Any traffic sent between containers on this network does not leave the overlay.

## How to set up container-to-container networking

To set up and allow traffic between your applications:

1. Create an internal route to your application(s)
```
cf map-route APP apps.internal --hostname APP
```
2. Add a network policy to allow traffic from one application to another
```
cf add-network-policy SOURCE_APP DESTINATION_APP -s DESTINATION_SPACE_NAME -o DESTINATION_ORG_NAME --protocol (tcp | udp) --port RANGE

> ```

Reviewer: indent the backticks and code line so they'll be part of the ordered list and not restart the numbering
~~~suggestion
1. Create an internal route to your application(s)
   ```
   cf map-route APP apps.internal --hostname APP
   ```
2. Add a network policy to allow traffic from one application to another
   ```
   cf add-network-policy SOURCE_APP DESTINATION_APP -s DESTINATION_SPACE_NAME -o DESTINATION_ORG_NAME --protocol (tcp | udp) --port RANGE
   ```
~~~

## Configuring secure container-to-container networking

> Two options are available for configuring encryption of traffic between your applications using SSL/TLS: `automatic` and `manual`. With the automatic option the platform handles everything, from provisioning certificates to ensuring TLS termination at the destination, and specifically uses port `61443`. The manual option involves configuring your application with its own TLS termination, and can be configured to use any available port.

Reviewer: I think we can make this a little less wordy:

```suggestion
There are two main ways to enable TLS between your application: 
- Automatically - With this option the platform handles everything, from provisioning certificates to enforcing TLS termination at the destination (steps described below)
- Manually - This option is necessary if you want to listen on multiple or non-configurable ports. With this option, you are responsible for configuring your application with its own TLS termination and managing TLS certificates. The steps to enable this option depend on the application(s) you're running, and are out of scope for this documentation.
```

To set up automatic encryption:

1. Create a network policy for your destination application and set the port to 61443. All traffic sent to this port will use SSL/TLS
```
cf add-network-policy SOURCE_APP DESTINATION_APP -s DESTINATION_SPACE_NAME -o DESTINATION_ORG_NAME --protocol tcp --port 61443

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
   ```
   cf add-network-policy SOURCE_APP DESTINATION_APP -s DESTINATION_SPACE_NAME -o DESTINATION_ORG_NAME --protocol tcp --port 61443
   ```
~~~
